Skip serialization for json string (#1937)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reply.md

If you want to know more please review [Routes#async-await](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Routes.md#async-await).

<a name="skipserialization"></a>
### .skipSerialization()

> Disable calling stringify method for already serialized payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable automatic serialization for the current reply.
```

> You should use it when your payload already serialized to string and conforms to yours selected Content-Type header value 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful when the response payload is already serialized according to the response `Content-Type` header.
```
